package-update-notes.md, before:

## working process:
`yarn outdated`
`yarn update@^{package}`

### output:
Package                   Current Wanted  Latest  Package Type           URL                                                               
@babel/cli                7.14.8  7.21.0  7.21.0  dependencies           https://babel.dev/docs/en/next/babel-cli                          

axios                     0.21.1  0.21.4  1.3.6   dependencies           https://axios-http.com                                            
ejs                       3.1.6   3.1.6   3.1.9   resolutionDependencies https://github.com/mde/ejs                                        





@hookform/resolvers       1.3.7   1.3.8   3.1.0   dependencies           https://react-hook-form.com                                       
cypress                   8.3.0   8.7.0   12.10.0 devDependencies        https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress                             
eslint                    7.32.0  7.32.0  8.39.0  devDependencies        https://eslint.org                                                
eslint-config-airbnb      18.2.1  18.2.1  19.0.4  devDependencies        https://github.com/airbnb/javascript                              
eslint-plugin-import      2.24.2  2.27.5  2.27.5  devDependencies        https://github.com/import-js/eslint-plugin-import                 
eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y    6.4.1   6.7.1   6.7.1   devDependencies        https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y#readme       
eslint-plugin-react       7.24.0  7.32.2  7.32.2  devDependencies        https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react                 
eslint-plugin-react-hooks 4.2.0   4.6.0   4.6.0   devDependencies        https://reactjs.org/                                              
husky                     7.0.2   7.0.4   8.0.3   devDependencies        https://typicode.github.io/husky                                  
jest                      26.6.3  26.6.3  29.5.0  devDependencies        https://jestjs.io/                                                
jest-styled-components    7.0.5   7.1.1   7.1.1   dependencies           https://github.com/styled-components/jest-styled-components#readme
moment                    2.29.1  2.29.4  2.29.4  dependencies           https://momentjs.com                                              
prettier                  2.3.2   2.8.8   2.8.8   devDependencies        https://prettier.io                                               
prop-types                15.7.2  15.8.1  15.8.1  dependencies           https://facebook.github.io/react/                                 
react                     17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-canvas-confetti     1.3.0   1.4.0   1.4.0   dependencies           https://github.com/ulitcos/react-canvas-confetti#readme           
react-currency-format     1.0.0   1.1.0   1.1.0   dependencies           https://github.com/mohitgupta8888/react-currency-format#readme    
react-dom                 17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-hook-form           6.15.8  6.15.8  7.43.9  dependencies           https://www.react-hook-form.com                                   
react-modal               3.14.3  3.16.1  3.16.1  dependencies           https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal                            
react-responsive          9.0.0   9.0.2   9.0.2   dependencies           http://github.com/contra/react-responsive                         
react-scripts             4.0.3   4.0.3   5.0.1   dependencies           https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app#readme               
react-spinners            0.11.0  0.11.0  0.13.8  dependencies           https://www.davidhu.io/react-spinners/                            
react-styleguidist        11.1.7  11.2.0  13.1.1  dependencies           https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist                
react-test-renderer       17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-uid                 2.3.1   2.3.2   2.3.2   dependencies           https://github.com/thearnica/react-uid#readme                     
semantic-release          17.4.6  17.4.7  21.0.1  devDependencies        https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release#readme       
styled-components         5.3.1   5.3.10  5.3.10  dependencies           https://styled-components.com/                                    
youtube-player            5.5.2   5.6.0   5.6.0   dependencies           https://github.com/gajus/youtube-player#readme                    
yup                       0.32.9  0.32.11 1.1.1   dependencies           https://github.com/jquense/yup                                    



## log of package updates:
- @babel/cli: 7.14.8 - 7.21.0 => no breaking changes in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- axios 1.3.7 - 3.1.0 => some "Deprecated" in 1.0 in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- ejs 3.1.6 - 3.1.9 => no breaking changes in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

Commit message:

update jest and jest-styled-components

package-update-notes.md, after:

## working process:
`yarn outdated`
`yarn update@^{package}`

### output:
Package                   Current Wanted  Latest  Package Type           URL                                                               
@babel/cli                7.14.8  7.21.0  7.21.0  dependencies           https://babel.dev/docs/en/next/babel-cli                          

axios                     0.21.1  0.21.4  1.3.6   dependencies           https://axios-http.com                                            
ejs                       3.1.6   3.1.6   3.1.9   resolutionDependencies https://github.com/mde/ejs                                        
jest                      26.6.3  26.6.3  29.5.0  devDependencies        https://jestjs.io/                                                
jest-styled-components    7.0.5   7.1.1   7.1.1   dependencies           https://github.com/styled-components/jest-styled-components#readme




@hookform/resolvers       1.3.7   1.3.8   3.1.0   dependencies           https://react-hook-form.com                                       
cypress                   8.3.0   8.7.0   12.10.0 devDependencies        https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress                             
eslint                    7.32.0  7.32.0  8.39.0  devDependencies        https://eslint.org                                                
eslint-config-airbnb      18.2.1  18.2.1  19.0.4  devDependencies        https://github.com/airbnb/javascript                              
eslint-plugin-import      2.24.2  2.27.5  2.27.5  devDependencies        https://github.com/import-js/eslint-plugin-import                 
eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y    6.4.1   6.7.1   6.7.1   devDependencies        https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y#readme       
eslint-plugin-react       7.24.0  7.32.2  7.32.2  devDependencies        https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react                 
eslint-plugin-react-hooks 4.2.0   4.6.0   4.6.0   devDependencies        https://reactjs.org/                                              
husky                     7.0.2   7.0.4   8.0.3   devDependencies        https://typicode.github.io/husky                                  
jest-styled-components    7.0.5   7.1.1   7.1.1   dependencies           https://github.com/styled-components/jest-styled-components#readme
moment                    2.29.1  2.29.4  2.29.4  dependencies           https://momentjs.com                                              
prettier                  2.3.2   2.8.8   2.8.8   devDependencies        https://prettier.io                                               
prop-types                15.7.2  15.8.1  15.8.1  dependencies           https://facebook.github.io/react/                                 
react                     17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-canvas-confetti     1.3.0   1.4.0   1.4.0   dependencies           https://github.com/ulitcos/react-canvas-confetti#readme           
react-currency-format     1.0.0   1.1.0   1.1.0   dependencies           https://github.com/mohitgupta8888/react-currency-format#readme    
react-dom                 17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-hook-form           6.15.8  6.15.8  7.43.9  dependencies           https://www.react-hook-form.com                                   
react-modal               3.14.3  3.16.1  3.16.1  dependencies           https://github.com/reactjs/react-modal                            
react-responsive          9.0.0   9.0.2   9.0.2   dependencies           http://github.com/contra/react-responsive                         
react-scripts             4.0.3   4.0.3   5.0.1   dependencies           https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app#readme               
react-spinners            0.11.0  0.11.0  0.13.8  dependencies           https://www.davidhu.io/react-spinners/                            
react-styleguidist        11.1.7  11.2.0  13.1.1  dependencies           https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist                
react-test-renderer       17.0.2  17.0.2  18.2.0  dependencies           https://reactjs.org/                                              
react-uid                 2.3.1   2.3.2   2.3.2   dependencies           https://github.com/thearnica/react-uid#readme                     
semantic-release          17.4.6  17.4.7  21.0.1  devDependencies        https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release#readme       
styled-components         5.3.1   5.3.10  5.3.10  dependencies           https://styled-components.com/                                    
youtube-player            5.5.2   5.6.0   5.6.0   dependencies           https://github.com/gajus/youtube-player#readme                    
yup                       0.32.9  0.32.11 1.1.1   dependencies           https://github.com/jquense/yup                                    



## log of package updates:
- @babel/cli: 7.14.8 - 7.21.0 => no breaking changes in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- axios 1.3.7 - 3.1.0 => some "Deprecated" in 1.0 in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- ejs 3.1.6 - 3.1.9 => no breaking changes in changelog
    - [X] checked Component Library local server still working
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- jest 26.6.3 - 29.5.0 => Drop support for Node v10 and v15 and target first LTS 16.13.0 (#12220)
    - [X] checked Component Library on local server
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok

- jest-styled-components 7.0.5 - 7.1.1
    - [X] checked Component Library on local server
    - [X] check styleguide:build is ok
