src/components/Molecules/CardDs/CardDs.md, before:

# CardDs
## Image and CTA are clickable and links user through to full content

### CardDs:  Image, Text & Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      EDINBURGH MARATHON
    </Text>
    <Text size="m" weight="bold">
      24 May 2026
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m" weight="bold" style={{marginTop: "1rem"}}>
      Marathon
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Voted the fastest marathon in the UK, Edinburgh Marathon is perfect for first-timers and those seeking a personal best whilst soaking in the picturesque views of the East Lothian coastline.
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Registration fee: £39
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Sponsorship pledge: £500
    </Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```


### CardDs: Text & Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Download } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Download colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```

### CardDs: Text only
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs backgroundColor="white" height="auto">
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```

### CardDs: Image & Text, No Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```


### CardDs:  Only column view for use in CardsCarousel
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
    isCarousel={true}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Only Column view
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```

Commit message:

feat: Create CTAMultiCard component (#777)
* Introduces the CTAMultiCard component, which can display multiple CardDs style cards

* Adds ability to receive data and map through to create individual cards within a single component

* CSS improvements

* Add extra example for two columns

* Allow overflow on carousel

* Match height of tallest sibling

* CSS tweaks

* CSS tweaks

* Splits out CTAMultiCard into two files

* Mention CardDs is old

* Tidyup, removal of unused code, slight change to expected data structure

* Test update

* Move eslint up to v7.5 to allow optional chaining

* Corrects padding so that box shadow can be seen on carousel

* Refine the springScaleAnimation function

* Lint

* Snapshot update

* Changes CTAMultiCard component to accept pre-rendered content, instead of using a rendering library to render contentful content itself.

* Move potentially null returning function to the top of CTAMultiCard component

* Removes unnecessary mobile examples

* Snapshot update

* Make use of new fontHelper

* Snapshot update

* Remove unused import

* Move null return statement to top of function

* Snapshot update

* Export CTAMultiCard component

* Removes various declarations and data processing that will instead be happening in the frontend

* Refactor CTAMultiCard styles and remove hover state management from SingleCard component

* Snapshot update

* Zoom image a bit to prevent issues with bounce

* Uses shared underline style

* Snapshot update

* Adds example image, used by CTAMultiCard, into the repo rather than linking

src/components/Molecules/CardDs/CardDs.md, after:

# CardDs
## Image and CTA are clickable and links user through to full content. Note that this component can now be considered legacy, as it is superseded by CTAMultiCard.

### CardDs:  Image, Text & Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      EDINBURGH MARATHON
    </Text>
    <Text size="m" weight="bold">
      24 May 2026
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m" weight="bold" style={{marginTop: "1rem"}}>
      Marathon
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Voted the fastest marathon in the UK, Edinburgh Marathon is perfect for first-timers and those seeking a personal best whilst soaking in the picturesque views of the East Lothian coastline.
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Registration fee: £39
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p" size="m">
        Sponsorship pledge: £500
    </Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```


### CardDs: Text & Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Download } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Download colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```

### CardDs: Text only
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs backgroundColor="white" height="auto">
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```

### CardDs: Image & Text, No Link
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Title
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```


### CardDs:  Only column view for use in CardsCarousel
```js
const defaultData = require('../../../styleguide/data/data').defaultData;import Text from '../../Atoms/Text/Text';
import Link from '../../Atoms/Link/Link';
import { Internal } from '../../Atoms/Icons/index';

<div
  style={{
    display: 'flex',
    padding: '2rem 0',
    background: '#E1E2E3',
    justifyContent: 'space-around'
  }}
>
  <CardDs
    target="_blank"
    link="/home"
    linkLabel="find out more"
    imageLow={defaultData.image}
    images={defaultData.images}
    imageAltText="Happy man going to work"
    backgroundColor="white"
    height="auto"
    icon={<Internal colour="white" />}
    isCarousel={true}
  >
    <Text tag="h3" color="purple" size="xl">
      Only Column view
    </Text>
    <Text tag="p">Text body copy description</Text>
  </CardDs>
</div>;
```
